
Malignant effusions and immunogenic tumour-derived exosomes.
Facilitation of mRNA deadenylation and decay by the exosome-bound, DExH protein RHAU.
The immunogenicity of dendritic cell-derived exosomes.
More efficient induction of HLA-A*0201-restricted and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA)-specific CTL response by immunization with exosomes prepared from heat-stressed CEA-positive tumor cells.
Tolerosome-induced oral tolerance is MHC dependent.
Epigenetic transfer of metastatic activity by uptake of highly metastatic B16 melanoma cell-released exosomes.
Enhanced induction of dendritic cell maturation and HLA-A*0201-restricted CEA-specific CD8(+) CTL response by exosomes derived from IL-18 gene-modified CEA-positive tumor cells.
Specific isolation of placenta-derived exosomes from the circulation of pregnant women and their immunoregulatory consequences.
T84-intestinal epithelial exosomes bear MHC class II/peptide complexes potentiating antigen presentation by dendritic cells.
Exosome-mediated transfer of mRNAs and microRNAs is a novel mechanism of genetic exchange between cells.
Redox-signaling transmitted in trans to neighboring cells by melanoma-derived TNF-containing exosomes.
Exosomes released from infected macrophages contain Mycobacterium avium glycopeptidolipids and are proinflammatory.
Liver cell-derived microparticles activate hedgehog signaling and alter gene expression in hepatic endothelial cells.
Cytomegalovirus-infected human endothelial cells can stimulate allogeneic CD4+ memory T cells by releasing antigenic exosomes.
Noncytotoxic suppression of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 transcription by exosomes secreted from CD8+ T cells.
The role of cbl family of ubiquitin ligases in gastric cancer exosome-induced apoptosis of Jurkat T cells.
Cell-produced alpha-synuclein is secreted in a calcium-dependent manner by exosomes and impacts neuronal survival.
New mechanism for Notch signaling to endothelium at a distance by Delta-like 4 incorporation into exosomes.
TLR2-mediated expansion of MDSCs is dependent on the source of tumor exosomes.
αB crystallin is apically secreted within exosomes by polarized human retinal pigment epithelium and provides neuroprotection to adjacent cells.
Biochemical and biologic characterization of exosomes and microvesicles as facilitators of HIV-1 infection in macrophages.
Leukemia cell to endothelial cell communication via exosomal miRNAs.
Docetaxel-resistance in prostate cancer: evaluating associated phenotypic changes and potential for resistance transfer via exosomes.
The origin, function, and diagnostic potential of RNA within extracellular vesicles present in human biological fluids.
Cardioprotection by remote ischemic preconditioning of the rat heart is mediated by extracellular vesicles.
Lipid synthesis is promoted by hypoxic adipocyte-derived exosomes in 3T3-L1 cells.
Syncytin proteins incorporated in placenta exosomes are important for cell uptake and show variation in abundance in serum exosomes from patients with preeclampsia.
Interspecies communication between plant and mouse gut host cells through edible plant derived exosome-like nanoparticles.
Exosome-derived miRNAs and ovarian carcinoma progression.
