Cancer immunotherapy using dendritic cell-derived exosomes.
The exosome pathway in K562 cells is regulated by Rab11.
Antigen-presenting cell exosomes are protected from complement-mediated lysis by expression of CD55 and CD59.
Exosomes as a tumor vaccine: enhancing potency through direct loading of antigenic peptides.
Exosomes as potent cell-free peptide-based vaccine. II. Exosomes in CpG adjuvants efficiently prime naive Tc1 lymphocytes leading to tumor rejection.
Exosome-dependent trafficking of HSP70: a novel secretory pathway for cellular stress proteins.
Viral particles of the endogenous retrovirus ZAM from Drosophila melanogaster use a pre-existing endosome/exosome pathway for transfer to the oocyte.
Malignant ascites-derived exosomes of ovarian carcinoma patients contain CD24 and EpCAM.
Dendritic cells derived from bone marrow cells fail to acquire and present major histocompatibility complex antigens from other dendritic cells.
Activated T cells recruit exosomes secreted by dendritic cells via LFA-1.
Can urinary exosomes act as treatment response markers in prostate cancer?
Exosomes are an effective vaccine against congenital toxoplasmosis in mice.
MHC II in dendritic cells is targeted to lysosomes or T cell-induced exosomes via distinct multivesicular body pathways.
KSRP-PMR1-exosome association determines parathyroid hormone mRNA levels and stability in transfected cells.
Extra-cellular release and blood diffusion of BART viral micro-RNAs produced by EBV-infected nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells.
Release of exosomes from differentiated neurons and its regulation by synaptic glutamatergic activity.
Oligodendrocytes secrete exosomes containing major myelin and stress-protective proteins: Trophic support for axons?
Loss of EpCAM expression in breast cancer derived serum exosomes: role of proteolytic cleavage.
Insulinoma-released exosomes or microparticles are immunostimulatory and can activate autoreactive T cells spontaneously developed in nonobese diabetic mice.
Tumor cell cross talk with tumor-associated leukocytes leads to induction of tumor exosomal fibronectin and promotes tumor progression.
Transfer of vesicles from schwann cells to axons: a novel mechanism of communication in the peripheral nervous system.
Mesenchymal stem cell secreted vesicles provide novel opportunities in (stem) cell-free therapy.
 exosomes.
Enabling a robust scalable manufacturing process for therapeutic exosomes through oncogenic immortalization of human ESC-derived MSCs.
Loss of EpCAM expression in breast cancer derived serum exosomes: role of proteolytic cleavage.
Insulinoma-released exosomes or microparticles are immunostimulatory and can activate autoreactive T cells spontaneously developed in nonobese diabetic mice.
Transfer of vesicles from schwann cells to axons: a novel mechanism of communication in the peripheral nervous system.
Mesenchymal stem cell secreted vesicles provide novel opportunities in (stem) cell-free therapy.
Cancer cells induced to express mesenchymal phenotype release exosome-like extracellular vesicles carrying tissue factor.
RRP41L, a putative core subunit of the exosome, plays an important role in seed germination and early seedling growth in Arabidopsis.
Exosomes are natural carriers of exogenous siRNA to human cells in vitro.
